---
permalink: /projects/
title: "Projects"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /md/
  - /markdown.html
---


<p align="center">
  <a href="#ai-projects">AI Projects</a> - 
  <a href="#software-projects">Software Projects</a> - 
  <a href="#hardware-projects">Hardware Projects</a>
</p>


# AI Projects

## News Category Classification with ANN (NLP) (Dec. 2023) [LINK](https://github.com/navidadkhah/News-Category-Classification)

* Developed a News classification model using Artificial Neural Networks (ANN) to categorize news articles into predefined categories.
* Preprocessed the dataset with tokenization and vectorization techniques, and trained the model on different categories of news.

## Lunar Lander with DRL (May 2024) [LINK](https://github.com/navidadkhah/LunaLander-v2)

* Implemented the Lunar Lander problem using Deep Q-Networks (DQN) and Dueling Double DQN (D3QN)
architectures to justify the desired location.
* It is trained in different epochs and generates rewards for each epoch.

## Swimmer-v4 with Reinforcement Learning (Jun. 2024) [LINK](https://github.com/navidadkhah/Swimmer-v4)

 * Implemented the Swimmer-v4 environment using Reinforcement Learning techniques to teach a simulated agent how to swim through a continuous control task.
 * Trained the agent to optimize its movement in water-like environments by maximizing reward, and improving efficiency with each episode using PPO algorithms.

## CartPole-v1 with Reinforcement Learning (Apr. 2024) [LINK](https://github.com/navidadkhah/CartPole-V1)

* Implemented the CartPole-v1 environment using Reinforcement Learning algorithms to balance a pole on a moving cart.
* Trained the agent through different learning approaches, optimizing performance and stability while maximizing rewards in this classic control task.

## Tron Game with AI (Jun . 2023) [LINK](https://github.com/navidadkhah/TronGame)

* Implemented a Tron game AI using Minimax and Genetic algorithms for decision-making.
* Agents try to build walls while avoiding collisions, using wall-breaking mechanics strategically.
* Minimax predicts moves by simulating future game states, while the Genetic Algorithm optimizes decision-making.

## Computer Vision with Image Processing Techniques (Oct. 2023) [LINK](https://github.com/navidadkhah/Computer-Vision)

* Developed a series of image processing and computer vision techniques to analyze and process images for feature extraction and classification.
* Applied various algorithms to enhance, segment, and classify images, focusing on improving the accuracy and efficiency of visual recognition tasks.


# Software Projects

## CYK Algorithm for Parsing Context-Free Grammars (Jul. 2023) [LINK](https://github.com/navidadkhah/CYK-algorithm)

* Implemented the Cocke-Younger-Kasami (CYK) algorithm to parse and validate strings against context-free grammars.
* Applied the algorithm to efficiently check whether a given string can be generated by a specific grammar, showcasing its application in syntactic analysis.

## Restaurant Management System with Django and React (Nov. 2023) [LINK](https://github.com/navidadkhah/Restaurant-Management)

* Developed a web-based restaurant management system using Django for the backend and React for the frontend.
* Implemented features for browsing restaurants, making reservations, and managing user roles with different access levels for customers, restaurant admins, and system admins.

## Graph Simulation and Analysis (Jun. 2023) [LINK](https://github.com/navidadkhah/Graph_Simulation)

* Developed simulations for various types of graphs, including Erdős–Rényi, Watts–Strogatz, and Barabási–Albert models.
* Analyzed graph properties such as degree distribution, eigenvalue distribution, and algebraic connectivity, implementing methods for generating and simulating real-world graph behaviors.

# Hardware Projects

## Doodle Jump Game Implementation in Assembly 8086 (Mar. 2023) [LINK](https://github.com/navidadkhah/Doodle-jump-game)

* Created a version of the classic Doodle Jump game in Assembly 8086, implementing platform generation, player movement, and score tracking.
* Developed the game mechanics to ensure smooth and responsive gameplay, with features such as random platform placement and increasing difficulty over time.

